Create OverworldBackendLanguage.md (#71)
Gamify-IT/docs: adr/overworld-backend-language.md

# What language do we use in the overworld backend.

## Possible Solutions
- Java
- Go

## Chosen Solution
- probably Java

> ## Pro Chosen Solution
> ### Java
> - Everyone has already used it.
> ### Go
> - no Pro
> 
> ## Contra Chosen Solution
> ### Java
> - no Contra
> ### Go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Pro Java

- Everyone has already used it
- Understandable language
- Server-side language
- Advanced library ecosystem, especially with `Spring`

### Pro Go
- Server-side language
- Concise

### Contra Java

- Verbose

### Contra Go

- Not everyone knows this language
- Library ecosystem is mostly unknown
```
